## 24: Oscillators demo
First we need to create an Audio Context node.

Next, we create an oscillator node, which will form the basis for the sound we want to make. The audio context is passed into all audio nodes, because it is the context that processes the sound we're making. Audio nodes also accept an options object we can use to set the type of wave the oscillator will make. In this case, let's start with a sine wave.

Oscillators make waves continuously, but we want to cue sound only when we press a key. What we need is a gate, which will allow us to turn the sound on and off. For that, we need a gain node to control the amplitude of the wave. We're going to set the gain to zero.

Then we need to connect the oscillator node to the gain node, mimicking the patching cables I showed you earlier, followed by connecting the gain to the destination. The destination is the main sound output, and is usually the default output setting used by your browser.

We then need to start the oscillator, which will tell it to start making a sound wave.

Finally, we need to control what happens when we press a key. We need to set the frequency of the wave generated by the oscillator - I'm using a helper function to convert the midi number to a frequency in hertz - and then we need to open the gate to let sound out by turning the gain on the gain node up. The linear-ramp-to-value-at-time function controls how quickly we open the gate.

## XX: Bassline demo
Here we have the demo of the oscillator.

A plain sine wave is a bit boring, so we'll make it into a sawtooth wave.
